About the Extension:
..........................................................

For the extension, I decided to work on an SDL aspect of the program. As a result, the program does the following:

Upon typing: make extension
	and: make runExtension
**Note: sometimes it may not compile, so try: make -B extension

A blank window will pop up with a black background. You are able to type in the command line. The instructions you input will be displayed on the screen.

Here are a few key things to know:
1) You must begin typing for it to initiate. You console should clear and whatever you type will be displayed.
2) Please do not click outside the SDL window as this will interfere with what you type.
3) You do not need the opening and closing braces of the program, these have been included for you (with the exception of the DO statement).
4) Maintain spaces between each input (as you would in a .ttl file).
5) Pressing the ENTER key will take you to a new line.
6) Pressing the TAB key will submit your instructions and draw them.
7) You can then add more instructions, or close the SDL window to exit the program.
8) The DO instruction set must be fully written (with brackets) BEFORE hitting TAB. Pressing TAB earlier will not execute the instruction. Pressing ENTER is fine.
   For example, the following will work:

DO A FROM 1 TO 8 {
FD 30
RT 45
}
*user presses TAB*

However, the following will NOT work:

DO A FROM 1 TO 8 {
*user presses TAB*

The same applies to nested loops.

9) Other instructions must follow the same; please always enter a full instruction and then hit TAB. For example, the following will work:

FD 30
*user presses TAB*
FD 100
*user presses TAB*

However, the following will NOT work:
FD
*user presses TAB*
30
*user presses TAB*

10) You are able to backspace (even after hitting the ENTER key).
11) After closing the SDL Window, you will find a .txt file under the name of Turtle.txt in the Extension directory.
    This file includes the instructions you typed in to create your cool designs!
12) Your file will be formatted the same way you typed in the command.
    For example, if you decide to type everything on one line, it will appear that way in the Turtle.txt.
    Whereas if you use newline/enter key, it will appear that way in the Turtle.txt.
